added info about oadp (#6502)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_install.adoc

When you enable the backup option from the `MultiClusterHub` resource, the backup option remains in the `Pending` state until you install the OADP operator in the `open-cluster-management-backup` namespace. If you have not enabled the AWS STS option on your hub cluster, then the OADP operator is automatically installed with the backup chart. Otherwise, you must manually install the OADP operator.

> When the cluster is in the STS mode, the backup chart creates a ConfigMap named `acm-redhat-oadp-operator-subscription` under the `open-cluster-management-backup`. This ConfigMap also contains the OADP channel and environment information. Use this ConfigMap to get the OADP version that you need to install and to get any environment options to be set on the OADP subscription.

Author: Am I correct that it's the Config map that contains the OADP channel and environment information? Or does the `open-cluster-management-backup` contain this info?

> When the cluster is in the STS mode, the backup chart creates a ConfigMap named `acm-redhat-oadp-operator-subscription` under the `open-cluster-management-backup`. This ConfigMap also contains the OADP channel and environment information. Use this ConfigMap to get the OADP version that you need to install and to get any environment options to be set on the OADP subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the cluster is in the STS mode, the backup chart creates a config map named `acm-redhat-oadp-operator-subscription` in the `open-cluster-management-backup` namespace. This config map also contains the OADP channel and environment information. Use this config map to get the OADP version that you need to install and to get any environment options to be set on the OADP subscription.
```
